c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Angular2Mvc5Application1.dll.config
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Angular2Mvc5Application1.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Angular2Mvc5Application1.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TypeLite.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TypeLite.Net4.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TypeLite.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TypeLite.Net4.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\obj\Debug\Angular2Mvc5Application1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\obj\Debug\Angular2Mvc5Application1.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\obj\Debug\Angular2Mvc5Application1.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TourCity.Common.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TourCity.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TourCity.Repository.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\SQLite.CodeFirst.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TourCity.Common.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TourCity.Infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TourCity.Repository.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\x86\sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\x64\sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Angular2Mvc5Application1\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\x86\sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\x64\sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Angular2Mvc5Application1.dll.config
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Angular2Mvc5Application1.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Angular2Mvc5Application1.pdb
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\SQLite.CodeFirst.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TourCity.Common.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TourCity.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TourCity.Repository.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TypeLite.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TypeLite.Net4.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TourCity.Common.pdb
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TourCity.Infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TourCity.Repository.pdb
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TypeLite.pdb
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\TypeLite.Net4.pdb
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\obj\Debug\Angular2Mvc5Application1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\obj\Debug\Angular2Mvc5Application1.dll
C:\Users\reym\Desktop\tourcity2\Angular2Mvc5Application1\obj\Debug\Angular2Mvc5Application1.pdb
